Import/Export Maya Skin Weights To JSON (ver 1.0)
===
Scripting Language: PYTHON

Development Environment: Maya 2011 x64

Author: Andrew Glisinski

First Release: Feb 19 2016

Updates:

*   February 19 2016 - Initial Release (0.1)
-------------------
*   Q: What does this do?
    This allows you to export/import skinWeights from skinned objects to handy JSON files. This provides a vertex by vertex breakdown of the skinWeights, without relying on image maps generated by Maya.
*   Q: Why not just use skin import/export built in?
    For various reasons, the UV Map you've created might be tailored for some reason/purpose, as well, the UV map method tends to be finicky and imprecise. This method is not.
*   Q: What versions of Maya support this?
    Hopefully all of them? I developed this and tested it in Maya 2011. I don't provide any sort of assistance or guarantees with this script beyond claiming it will work. Don't use it in a commercial environment until it's fully tested to do what you expect. No modifications to the scene are made unless it's the 'globalSelectionDictionary' dictionary object that we instantiate before running the script.

-------------------
Further Notes:
- See my tutorial on my website to learn about how this script works. http://www.aganimator.com/tutorials/2016/1/14/saving-mayas-skin-weights-to-json

-------------------
Install:

Place both scripts in your scripts folder, then run in the scripts editor:
""
import agJsonSkinTool
agJsonSkinTool.jsonWeightsUI()
""